>> Scott Moss: We already talked about
resolving the interface and unions.
You just need that resolve
type property need to fill, so
we'll move on to the exercise.
So now that you know
about the schema's and
the resolver we gotta make some changes.
Our product model in mongoose is split
between three different product types.
We need to make the product type
an interface and then create types for
each possible type in our mongoose model.
And don't forget to create
the resolver for the result type.
So what am I talking about?
If you head over to the mongoose model,
and
I talked about this earlier,
>> Scott Moss: A product can be three
different types of products.
There's literally a property called type,
and it's one of these three things.
It's a GAMING PC, it's a BIKE or
it's a DRONE, right?
They all have the exact
same fields except for
a GAMING_PC has a liquidCooled
field that's required.
A bike product has a bikeType
A drone has a range field that's required.
So they are all very similar, except for
one small property that's different.
So, instead of having a product be
a type which you've already created,
you need to change the product
to be an interface.
And then you need to create three
new types called BIKE, DRONE, and
GAMING_PC that implement that interface.
And then you need to resolve the type
with the resolve type resolver.
So again, check out the lesson four
branch, change the product type to
an interface, create the Bike
type that implements the product,
create the GamingPc type
that implements the product.
Create the Drone type that implements
the product, then create a resolver for
product interface that
resolves the type and
then just make sure all the tests pass,
which they will if you did all that.
And remember to get a clue of what to
look for in that resolve type function.
What is the thing,
how do you know which type to return?
Well remember,
every part has a type property.
That is one of these things.
That's probably something you wanna look
at in a resolve type function to figure
out, what type of product is this?
Well, product.type.
What is it?
Based on that,
all you have to do is return the name
of the type that you create in here.
So GAMING_PC, DRONE or BIKE.
So let's go ahead and
check out to the branch, get check out.
>> Scott Moss: And just to show you what's
happening here, there's a piece of code
that's gonna help you I want you to take
a look at to convert some things over.
So if you look at the product
resolvers there's going to be
a products type matcher on here for you.
Basically is what this does
is it matches the enum
of product types to the enum of
product types in the database.
So on the left is the enum that's in grab
ko, on the right is the enum that's in
a database, so this will help you match
it, cuz you're gonna get one from graph QL
and you gotta see if it's
the one from the database.
So this is what you're gonna
use in the resolved type.
And just to show you what I'm talking
about, if you go to the product graph QL,
you can see the enums is GAMING_PC,
BIKE, DRONE, they're all capital,
but in the database they're
actually they're the same.
[LAUGH] Wait, I did make them the same.
Well why did I add that then?
What is that for?
No I'm sorry.
I got it backwards.
So you see the enums are GAMING_PC,
BIKE, they're all capital.
But the types that you're gonna
make are not gonna be like this.
They're not gonna be called GAMING_PC,
all capital.
They're gonna be like GamingPc.
They're gonna be like that.
You're gonna make a type like that.
So that object is to help you convert
the enum to the actual type name.
Cuz you're gonna need that when
you make your result type.
You're gonna need that in here
cuz you're gonna get this product
that comes from the database
that has a enum on it.
That enum is gonna be this value, and
you're gonna need to return this value cuz
that's gonna be the name of your type,
so that's how you check.
That's the only other
piece that I have for you,
so you don't need anything
else as far as the code.
And then yeah, just create that interface,
and create those types.
And then get those tests to pass.
And also the test command you want to run
to actually run these tests are gonna be
npm.run test-interfaces or npm-yarn
test-interfaces and that should scope
out the test and you'll see some broken
tests so, go ahead and get those to pass.